# Dillinger
## *The Last Markdown Editor, Ever*

Dilinger is a cloud-enable, mobile-ready, offline-storage compartible,<br>
Angular JS-powered HTML5 Markdown editor

- Type some Markdown on the left
- see HTML in the right
- Magic

## Features

- import a HTML file and watch it magically convert to Markdown
- Drag and drop images (requires your Dropbox account be linked)
- Import and save files from GitHub, Dropbox, Google Drive and One Drive
- Drag and drop markdown and HTML files into Dillinger
- Export document as Markdown, HTML and PDF

Markdown is a lughtweight markup language based on the formatting convertions<br>
that people naturally use in email.<br>
As [John Gruber](url) writes on the [Markdown site](url)
```
for i in range(10):
	print(hello)
```
> *The overriding design goal for Markdown's*
> *formatting syntax is to make it as readable*
> *as possible. The idea is that a*
> *Markdown-formatted document should be*
> *publishable as-is, as plain text, without*
> *looking like it's been marked up with tags*
> *or formatting instructions.*

This text you see here is *actually- written in Markdown! To get a feel<br>
for Markdown's syntax, type some text into the left window and<br>
watch the results in the right.

## Tech

Dillinger uses a number of open source projects to work properly:

- [AngularJS](url) - HTML enhanced for web apps!
- [Ace Editor](url) - awesome web-based text editor
- [markdown-it](url) - Markdown parser done right. Fast and easy to extend.
- [Twitter Bootstrap](url) - great UI boilerplate for modern web apps
- [node.js](url) - evented I/O for the backend
- [Express](url) - fast node.js network app framework [@tjholowaychuk](url)
- [Gulp](url) - the streaming build system
- [Breakdance](url) - HTML

## Installation

Dillinger requires [Node.js](url) v10+ to run.


Install the dependencies and devDependencies and start the server.

```
cd dillinger
npm i
node app
```

For production environments···

```
npm install --production
NODE_ENV=production node app
```

## Plugins

Dillinger is currently extended with the following plugins.<br>
Instructions on how to use them in your own application are linked below.

| Plugin | README |
| :--- | :--- |
| Dropbox | [plugins/dropbox/README.md](url) |
| GitHub | [plugins/github/README.md](url) |
| Google Drive | [plugins/googledrive/README.md](url) |
| OneDrive | [plugins/onedrive/README.md](url) |
| Medium | [plugins/medium/README.md](url) |

## Development

Want to contribute? Great!

Dillinger uses Gulp + Webpack for fast developing.<br> 
Make a change in your file and instantaneously see your updates!

Open your favorite Terminal and run these commands.

First Tab:

```
node app
```

Second Tab:

```
gulp watch
```

(optional) Third:

```
karma tests
```